#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
apscheduler==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asteval==0.9.31
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
boto3==1.26.161
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongo-auth-aws
botocore==1.29.161
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   pymongo-auth-aws
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
celery==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pymongocrypt
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongocrypt
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eventlet
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pymongo
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
eventlet==0.33.3
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.94.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-pagination
fastapi-pagination==0.12.5
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.39.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.96.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eventlet
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hiredis==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.18.0
    # via ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
kombu==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
langchain==0.0.121
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
motor==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pyarrow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pinecone-client==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
protobuf==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongoarrow
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycurl==7.45.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==1.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   langchain
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   motor
    #   pymongoarrow
pymongo-auth-aws==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymongoarrow==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymongocrypt==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-client
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   pinecone-client
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
redis==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pymongocrypt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   ecdsa
    #   eventlet
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.26.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
stripe==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
tzlocal==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   google-auth
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchfiles==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
